#0

Ion Programming proudly presents...\n\nGombledeen's Great Adventure!\n\nGuide Gombledeen through his story any way you like in this thrilling text-based adventure game. Help Gombledeen choose his way by selecting options with the numbers on the keyboard.\nGood luck Gombledeen!
?2
START GAME
?1
ABOUT

#1

Made by Ion Programming for the 37th Ludum Dare Jam.\n\nionprogramming.com.au\n\nFind us on social media.
?0
BACK

#2

Knock knock knock!\nSomeone is at the door.
?3
Answer the door.
?4
Exit through the back door.
?5
Peek through the upstairs window to see who's there.

#3

You open the door to see Gary the innkeeper.\n"Gombledeen, I'm glad you're home. I'm in a spot of trouble, and I was hoping you could help. I haven't received my order of cheese wheels this week, and I'm worried that the chaps carting it might have run into some trouble out on the north mountain pass. Do you think you could look into it for me?"
?6
"Of course." Walk outside.
?2
"Sorry, not right now." Close the door.

#5

You look down to see Gary the innkeeper.
?3
Go back down the stairs and see what Gary wants.
?7
Tell him to bugger off!

#7

Gary doesn't appear to notice your abuse.
?2
Walk back down the stairs.
?7
Yell at Gary again.

#4

You hurry out the back door but begin to tumble down. The backyard seems to have gone missing. Eventually you come to a halt and knock your head.
?8
Wake up.

#6

"With me Gombledeen, hurry now, we haven't much time! There's someone you need to meet."
?12
Follow Gary to his inn.
?6
"What's going on?"

#12

Gary takes you over to a table in a dark corner of the inn. A scruffy, white-bearded figure sits there. As you approach you recognise the figure as Nemenomen Zarfletop, the local wizard.
?13
Greet Nemenomen.
?13
Give him back the cursed dog paw he gave you last Christmas.

#13

"Gombledeen, mi'lad! Gary here tells me you've volunteered for this cheese quest! I'm afraid it's all gotten rather complicated... Gary, we'll take it from here."\nGary gives a nod and trundles off to tend the bar.\n"Gombledeen, you're coming with me!"
?10
Fly with Zarfletop to his mountain dwelling.
?14
Have a pint before you go.

#14

"Ready now Gombledeen? We really must hurry!"
?10
Fly with Zarfletop to his mountain dwelling.
?14
Have a pint before you go.

#8

You awake to see the white-bearded face of Nemenomen Zarfletop the local wizard. "Sorry lad, you tumbled into my void! I misplaced a spell and it seems to have vaporized your yard."
?9
Take a moment, in memory of your prized pumpkin patch.
?9
Tell him to put it back!

#9

"I'm afraid we've got important things to do lad. You must come with me at once, to the mountains in the north!"
?10
Fly with Zarfletop to his mountain dwelling.
?10
Suggest a leisurely stroll to the mountains.

#10

Before you can open your mouth, Nemenomen whisks you up in his wiry wizard arms and you whiz away to his mountain cottage.\nAs you approach the snowy white cottage, Nemenomen hurls you down the rough brick chimney. Covered in soot and battered all over, you patiently wait for Nemenomen to make his entrance.
?11
Continue.

#11

Zarfletop walks in the front door and pulls up an ugly looking stool. "Now, down to business!" he says, apparently oblivious to your dislike of being thrown through a chimney. He hands you a stone cold cup of tea.\n"Gombledeen, Gary has lost a shipment of cheese wheels in these mountains, and being the fine lad that you are, you've volunteered to solve the case."
?15
"Um..."
?16
"That's right."

#15

"Now now Gombledeen, there's no going back now!"
?16
"Why"

#16

"As we speak, a horde of northern snub-goblins is moving through the valley below my apartment. I don't know why they've come so far south this year." Zarfletop scratches his nose thoughtfully.\n"Perhaps it's the bears I released into their caves last month..."
?17
"And what's the problem?"
?18
"Bears?"

#18

"I was casting a spell to create magic BEANS, but I suppose somehow my swish turned into a flick, and there I was, surrounded by several dozen magic BEARS."
?19
"MAGIC BEARS?"

#19

"Goodness Gombledeen, you almost make it sound like a bad thing!" Nemenomen chuckles into his cup of tea.\n"Anyhow, back to the snub-goblin issue, as we haven't much time."
?17
"Go on..."

#17

"I suspect the loss of Gary's cheese wheels is the goblins' doing, but cheese wheels aside, these vile creatures pose a serious threat to the townsfolk! They must be dealt with, and swiftly!"
?20
"You're a wizard, can't you blow them up or something?"
?21
"What would you suggest?"

#20

"Well sure, I've tried, but long-range spells can be tricky! I kept hitting snow-ravens instead. Nasty business... No, I'm afraid I really am quite out of ideas Gombledeen. That's why you're here!"
?22
Reluctantly thank Nemenomen and exit his cottage.

#21

"I'm an old man Gombledeen. My thinker doesn't work quite the way it once did..."\nZarfletop snorts up a nose-full of tea as he briefly doses off.\n"Blaargh! You see what I mean! I'm afraid you'll have to deal with this yourself lad."
?22
Reluctantly thank Nemenomen and exit his cottage.

#22

As you walk outside, the sound of clanging goblin armour echo's down the valley from the north. In the distance a snowy white bird drops from the sky in a blast of red-soaked feathers. "Darn this dicky spell!"
?23
Proceed north, toward the snub-goblin horde.
?999
Walk back to town for a pint at Gary's.

#23

As the sounds grow louder, you see smoke rising in the distance. You notice a small, gnarled figure standing atop a cliff to the northeast. Suddenly it let's out a piercing howl!\nYou've been spotted by a snub-goblin scout!
?24
Run away!
?25
Start throwing rocks and abuse at the goblin.

#24

As you run away, the full horde emerges behind you. The sound of the goblins storming through the valley is deafening!

#999

Gombledeen's great adventure is over...
?0
TITLE

-
